[#61328] 15.3 Relations tab changes  https://community.openproject.or… (#17932)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/work-packages/work-package-relations-hierarchies/README.md

You can select one of the following relations:

> - **New child** - This option let you create a new package and automatically add it as a child to the current (parent) work package. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **New child** - This option lets you create a new package and automatically adds it as a child to the current (parent) work package. 
```
